Update section Internal Services (#255)
EGI-Federation/documentation: content/en/internal/getting-started/_index.md

---
title: "Getting Started"
linkTitle: "Getting Started"
description: "Introduction to internal EGI services"
type: docs
weight: 10
---

Use this section to get started quickly with internal EGI services:

> 1. The complete list of internal EGI services is

Reviewer: why a numbered list?

Author: no particular reason. reverting to a bullet list.

>    [here](https://www.egi.eu/internal-services).

Reviewer: I would avoid `here` if possible

Author: Fixed

---
title: "Getting Started"
linkTitle: "Getting Started"
description: "Introduction to internal EGI services"
type: docs
weight: 10
---

Use this section to get started quickly with internal EGI services:

- The [complete list](https://www.egi.eu/internal-services) of internal

>   EGI services shows what supports the coordination of the EGI federation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  EGI services supporting the coordination of the EGI federation
```

Author: Improved

- The [**Configuration Database**](https://goc.egi.eu) records the topology
  of the sites in the EGI federation
- [**Service Monitoring**](http://argo.egi.eu) tracks and controls the
  performance of the services
- [**Accounting**](https://accounting.egi.eu) tracks service and resource
  usage, providing insights and reports on consumption
- The [**Helpdesk**](http://helpdesk.egi.eu) lets users and providers report
  incidents and bugs, or request changes

## Request for information

> You can ask [here](https://www.egi.eu/more-information) for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can ask [on our website](https://www.egi.eu/more-information) for
```
Not fund of the click here stuff.

> more information about the EGI services.

Reviewer 2: I tend to find ask for more information more clear and relevant as the page is just a form allowing to ask for more information.

Author: OK
